In the great master problem of the teaching, what is known as "You don't know" holds my perfect
teacher,
and all comes in the shallow. And there you come, you have many of your books, many of you have,
and you read it. They explain all that. But this is very simple part. Maintain lineage teaching,
according to Vaidyana teaching, or Buddhism, or the new master book, and Buddhism is really
important.
If it is not lineage teachings keeping up, that means what? Breaking the Samayas. We deluded our
duality conception to the authentic natural teachings. And what is the teaching said?
Sharnish the lineage, golden change, bridges, a complete kind of mixing out with things this and
that way, that, with spoiling. Buddha's teaching is teaching of the known duality.
It is not duality. It is not public. From the known duality, it is not duality. From the
wisdom states, these teachings are, came with compassion, loving kindness, and wisdom.
And for that reason, teaching is Buddha. Really, even Buddha. For that reason, the Buddha said,
the teaching said, "Don't upset, don't say that I will leave this world, or I will bend my body in
the water. You should know. I will come back with my teachings." Teaching. My teaching is me.
I am, that teaching is me. If you like to see the teaching, Buddha, practice that you will see the
Buddha. Really, this is what we deluded that. Teaching is authentic teaching. Teaching that
design for the emotions, negative emotions. As I said earlier, what you all know,
Buddha gives us 84,000 different teachings. That is 84,000 different negative emotions.
21,000 for the attachment emotions, 21,000 for the anger emotions, 21,000 for the inner
emotions, 21,000 for all cognitive emotions. That is emotional. And that, this teaching is
medicine. Transform, or acumen, acumen, change, transform. This is what this teaching is.
That emotions of human beings are same. Same. At the ancient time, emotions,
you need to have stories of them in a vinaya teaching. Emotions are same. They have anger,
they have attachment, and it's not something to put on. Or this time, we don't have anger,
we don't have attachment, we don't have anger, we don't have guilt. No. We have all that same.
Therefore, teaching is designed forever for all the negative emotions. As the water or element,
the water of this, our water, the ancient water, or more than what we call it, it purifies
the dudes. It did ancient time, it doing now, it will do future. It will remove our pasting.
First, it did ancient time, it did now, it will do. Every change in the water
puts something different. That is what's called diluted water. That is diluted water. Unhealthy
water. Water is organic. Ancient time and modern time, or even the third world countries, believe
it is organic, exactly as it is. The ancient time, what Buddha drunk drinking, or what Buddha
that drink, that water is the same. Similar purpose, similar usage, and similar benefits.
So therefore, according to Buddhism, and according to a human school, lineage is very,
very important. You are lineage holders, also. And the Sangha members are the lineage boarders.
Sangha members are the boarders of teaching, not by anyone. Buddha taught the teachings,
but holder of the Dharma, the message, the principle message of the Buddha is teaching.
That is the principle among our three audiographical groups. Buddha Dharma is the principle.
Sangha was whole, and that is known as holder of the teachings. So that's it.